Add a warning in exporting-grafana-snapshots.md (#8295)
pingcap/docs: exporting-grafana-snapshots.md

summary: Learn how to export snapshots of Grafana Dashboard, and how to visualize these files.
---

> **Warning:**
>
> - Since TiDB v6.0.0, PingCAP no longer maintains MetricsTool.

> > - If you need to export metrics data, use the [PingCAP Clinic diagnostic service](/clinic/clinic-introduction.md) to get the information required for diagnosing a TiDB cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To export monitoring metrics data, use the [PingCAP Clinic diagnostic service](/clinic/clinic-introduction.md) to get the information required for diagnosing a TiDB cluster, including the monitoring metrics, logs, cluster topology, configuration, and parameters.
```
